♪
Good morning,
it's me, Mr. Fellows,
your wiser college advisor.
That's pretty cute actually,
uh anyways
I'm here to help break down
financial aid
into five easy to follow steps.
That way,
you'll be more informed about
college financing options.
The first step
of this journey begins
with the FAFSA.
And you darn tootin' better be
fillin' out your FAFSA.
Regardless of your family's
income,
everyone should complete
the FAFSA.
What is FAFSA you ask?
FAFSA stands for:
Free Application for Federal
Student Aid.
And if you wish to receive
federal financial aid
most state and institutional aid
will require filling out the
FAFSA.
Now what's great about the FAFSA
is that the schools you've been
accepted to
will put together a financial
package for you.
Spiffy, huh.
Now, keep in mind
that the FAFSA application
will require
family tax and income
information
from the previous year.
So you will need your parents'
our guardians' help.
But, don't take it from me
here's what my best friend Monty
has to say.
Hello, Monty here
to make sure you don't skip
this step.
Also, remember to look for free
aid like scholarships,
grants or federal student loans.
Also, please feel free to join
me for some pig crumpets
and pig, uh hum...
Didn't realize you guys were
back on me.
Now remember students
the FAFSA will need to be
completed
each year that you're in school
in order to be considered for
financial aid.
Complete the FAFSA at:
fafsa.ed.gov
no earlier than January 1st
for the upcoming academic year.
And here's another tip.
If you haven't already done so
you'll need to request your
FAFSA
personal identification number
or pin at:
www.pin.ed.gov
Also,
if you would like an early
estimate
of what types of aid you might
qualify for
try the FAFSA forecaster at:
www.fafsa4caster.ed.gov
Well,
that's it for today kids.
And don't forget,
great knowledge
comes from college.
Sign up for the collegeSTEPS®
program
and get handy information
throughout the year.
wellsfargo.com/collegesteps